Resource endpoints (#509)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/resourcecategories.md

| `ResourceCategoryIds` | array of string | optional, max 1000 items | Unique identifiers of [Resource categories](#resource-category). |
| `ServiceIds` | array of string | required, max 1000 items | Unique identifiers of [Services](services.md#service) to which the resource categories belong. |
| `UpdatedUtc` | [Time interval](_objects.md#time-interval) | optional, max length 3 months | Interval in which the resource categories were updated. |

> | `Limitation` | [Limitation](../guidelines/pagination.md#limitation) | required | Limitation on the quantity of customers returned. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Limitation` | [Limitation](../guidelines/pagination.md#limitation) | required | Limitation on the quantity of resource categories returned. |
```

| `ActivityStates` | array of string [Activity state](_objects.md#activity-state) | optional | Whether to return only active, only deleted or both records. |
| `Limitation` | [Limitation](../guidelines/pagination.md#limitation) | required | Limitation on the quantity of resource category assignments returned. |

### Response

```javascript
{
    "ResourceCategoryAssignments":[
        {
            "Id": "fb69fc51-c4e9-4ef6-874a-24bcfe74a894",
            "ResourceId": "e5a34a69-d35e-4e85-a645-a9bc4ee3a80f",
            "CategoryId": "5c0804f9-d03a-4b13-a57d-b00300781a41",
            "IsActive": true,
            "CreatedUtc": "2023-10-01T11:48:57Z",
            "UpdatedUtc": "2023-10-28T11:48:57Z"
        },
        {
            "Id": "28704948-77df-4bb4-8f39-f8380dc8a914",
            "ResourceId": "90908a65-35fc-4856-b659-106f60b591e5",
            "CategoryId": "47d6b462-35ec-467e-a565-b00300781a41",
            "IsActive": true,
            "CreatedUtc": "2023-10-01T11:48:57Z",
            "UpdatedUtc": "2023-10-28T11:48:57Z"
        }
    ],
    "Cursor": "28704948-77df-4bb4-8f39-f8380dc8a914"
}
```

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | `ResourceCategoryAssignments` | array of [Resource category assignment](resourcecategories.md#resource-category-assignment) | optional | Resource category assignment. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `ResourceCategoryAssignments` | array of [Resource category assignment](resourcecategories.md#resource-category-assignment) | optional | Resource category assignments. |
```

    "EnterpriseIds": 
    [
        "3fa85f64-5717-4562-b3fc-2c963f66afa6",
        "4d0201db-36f5-428b-8d11-4f0a65e960cc"
    ],
    "ResourceCategoryIds": [
        "5c0804f9-d03a-4b13-a57d-b00300781a41",
        "47d6b462-35ec-467e-a565-b00300781a41"
    ],
    "ResourceCategoryImageAssignmentIds": [
        "edb5f556-7afb-4650-8d4e-8c0a6fff784d",
        "9d18f5fb-cce5-4e70-9561-f7804262344b"
    ],
    "UpdatedUtc": {
        "StartUtc": "2023-11-01T00:00:00Z",
        "EndUtc": "2023-11-30T00:00:00Z"
    },
    "ActivityStates": [ "Active" ],
    "Limitation":{
        "Count": 10
    }
}
```

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `ClientToken` | string | required | Token identifying the client application. |
| `AccessToken` | string | required | Access token of the client application. |
| `Client` | string | required | Name and version of the client application. |
| `EnterpriseIds` | array of string | optional, max 1000 items | Unique identifiers of the [Enterprises](enterprises.md#enterprise). If not specified, the operation returns the resource category image assignments for all enterprises within scope of the Access Token. |

> | `ResourceCategoryIds` | array of string | required, max 1000 items | Unique identifiers of [Resource category](resources.md#resource-category) to which the resource category image assignment belong. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `ResourceCategoryIds` | array of string | required, max 1000 items | Unique identifiers of [Resource categories](resources.md#resource-category) to which the resource category image assignments belong. |
```

> | `ResourceCategoryImageAssignmentIds` | array of string | optional, max 1000 items | Unique identifiers of [Resource category image assignment](resourcecategories.md#resource-category-image-assignment). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `ResourceCategoryImageAssignmentIds` | array of string | optional, max 1000 items | Unique identifiers of [Resource category image assignments](resourcecategories.md#resource-category-image-assignment). |
```

}
```

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `ResourceCategoryImageAssignments` | array of [Resource category image assignment](resourcecategories.md#resource-category-image-assignment) | optional | Resource category image assignments. |
| `Cursor` | string | required | Unique identifier of the last and hence oldest resource category image assignment returned. This can be used in [Limitation](../guidelines/pagination.md#limitation) in a subsequent request to fetch the next batch of older resource category image assignments. |

#### Resource category assignment

| Property | Type | Contract | Description |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `Id` | string | required | Unique identifier of the assignment. |
| `IsActive` | bool | required | Whether the assignment is still active. |
| `CategoryId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the [Resource category](#resource-category). |
| `ResourceId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the [Resource](#resource) assigned to the Resource category. |
| `CreatedUtc` | string | required | Creation date and time of the assignment in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |

> | `UpdatedUtc` | string | required | Last update date and time of the assignment in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |

Reviewer 3: This should be moved up to the "Get all resource category assignments" section.

Reviewer 2: makes sense
